# [MGS25] 글로벌 엔터테인먼트 & 게임 회사가 데이터 드리븐하게 성장하는 방법 | Entain

**Date:** Unknown
**Duration:** 21:06
**Language:** en
**YouTube:** https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Oh5QLFejsc4

> 2025년 마케팅 시장의 변화. 여러분은 잘 대응하고 있나요? 데이터로 리드하고, AI로 승리하는 시대, 미래가 우리 앞으로 다가오고 있어요. 경계를...

---

[Music] All right, good afternoon everyone. Uh, thank you for having me. My name is Billy. I'm here from Antain Australia and New Zealand. Uh, and today I'm going to be talking to you about how we capture data that drives growth within our organization. Uh first things first, I'm an analytics specialist, not a public speaker, so please forgive me when I make mistakes. Uh I've had about 8 years experience in the gaming and wagering industry. Uh with the last four specifically focused on Martekch and digital analytics. Uh during that time, I've worked using uh Google Tag Manager, Google Analytics, Firebase, Segment, and what I'll be talking to you about today mostly, which is Amplitude. So, who is Entane? Globally, we're one of the world's largest betting and gaming groups with Entain Australia and New Zealand having multiple brands covering online sport and racing betting, retail betting, as well as entertainment in the form of radio and TV broadcasts. We're a productled business and we're always trying to deliver a better experience for our customers. So, for those of you who aren't familiar, Amplitude is a multifunctional digital analytics platform. It allows for data capture, transformation of that data, visualization of it in charts and dashboards and generally making sharing insights on users and products uh easily accessible businesswide. Now at Intane, we try and take advantage of all the features that Amplitude offers and there's a lot of them. Uh so that includes but isn't limited to behavioral tracking integrations with MMPs like Adjust as a customer data platform streaming data out to other platforms like Meta for customer segmentation and attribution heat mapping and I could go on and on. But one of the biggest ways we get value from it is that it gives everyone in the business the ability to dig into the data we collect and get exactly the insights that they need. It also makes it easy for us to do things like feature flagging and run AB testing and experimentation. All of which streamline the process of providing the best customer experience to our users. So the nitty-gritty in today of today's presentation is going to be covering the fundamentals of how we try to use Amplitude and just approach analytics in general. Um I'm still working on the platform every day. So, what I'll be talking about should hopefully be transferable to whatever industry you work in and whatever tools you use, but we'll mainly be focusing on how it's done with Amplitude. So, into the specifics. For every new product or feature that we release, this is the process that we go through to make sure we're getting all of the data we need to actually uh iteratively improve on those products. So today's example, we'll be using a new signup form for your app, website, organization, whatever it might be. Uh, and if I were to be tasked with coming up with analytics for a new signup form, the first thing that we establish with stakeholders is what the central question is. Now, this is your guiding star and what you can always refer back to if you're unsure of what to track. And it's also probably the metric that anyone in your senior leadership team is going to be most interested in knowing the answer to. For a signup form, it's going to be pretty obvious how many users who open the sign up form actually sign up. Then you've got supporting questions. Supporting questions are things that provide deeper insight into how users are actually interacting with your product. So using the sign up form, they're going to be things along the lines of where are the main points that people who don't convert actually drop out. What actions do they have in common? Or in the case of Entain where we have to verify users identities before they can perform certain actions, how many of them actually verify their identity during the signup process and how many of them defer it and do it later. Finally, you've got additional questions, uh, which are things that are not necessarily tied to success or performance. Uh, so say in your sign up form, you give users the ability to select an emoji as an avatar. A nice to have question around that would be, what's the most popular avatar or the most popular emoji selected? Really not going to do anything to help you improve the product, but it's a fun conversation starter and something you can share within the business. Now, once you're all on the same page with what you actually need to answer about your new product, in this case, the sign up form, the next step is translating that into requirements that your developers or whoever is working uh on implementing these analytics can work with. And for that, you need to be very clear. The clearer you can be, the easier it's going to be for your developers. And by that I mean something that is a simple sounding question like how many users input text in this field or how many input interact with a certain field. For a developer they need to understand whether you want to track when a user clicks on that field when they type text in that field when they uh uncclick on it or unfocus on that field. So always be clear with what your requirements are and what you're trying to achieve by tracking it. Now, if you've got existing tracking, which you know would be the case if you were releasing a new improved signup form, you probably already had one before. So, if you've got any old events that you can reuse, it's very important that you try and do that, particularly with Amplitude, because any new analytics you capture that use the same naming conventions as events that already exist will automatically appear in any dashboards or charts that you've already created. So all of the users in your business that are using familiar charts, familiar reporting will automatically see the impact of your new signup form. If there's new things that you need to track, the most important thing to keep in mind is making sure the way you name things and the way you uh you know trigger your events is the same as much as possible. uh that's going to make it easier for people who, you know, are interacting with these new events to understand what you're trying to track and understand what they can use to build charts of their own. During all this, you want to start keeping a log of what events you're going to be tracking and how you can actually show those in charts. Uh by doing that, you're going to be able to pass the work on to someone else if you're not working on the whole project. and you're always going to have a clear understanding of what you'll track, where it will end up, and how you'll actually be able to use it in Amplitude. Um, and then finally, we've got expanding on the events. So, you've already defined all the minimum requirements you're going to need, but you know, if you're a digital analytics expert or, you know, you're responsible for this, there may be things that you're aware of that the product manager or whoever is responsible for overseeing the entire project might have missed. So just keep in mind that user actions don't take place in a vacuum. There's always uh more context or more things motivating users to perform certain actions. So if you can capture that when they're making an interaction, uh always do so because that will end up driving more value down the line. So you've now got all this data. What are you going to do with it? Uh in Amplitude, there are a huge number of charts and different ways to visualize data. Um, and I could do a whole session just on one, but I'm not allowed to talk that long, and I'm sure you don't want to listen to me for that long. So, I'll just go over a couple examples of how we've done it at Antine uh, and how that's worked out for us. So, every question that we've talked about so far that you would have agreed uh, with your stakeholders on needing to answer will be at least one chart in amplitude. Normally, it's going to be more than that. And that can just be as simple as showing the exact same data in two different ways. So what we've got on the screen here is two funnel charts. They show uh the results of our central question from before. How many users open the sign up form and how many users actually sign up. The top chart shows that as an overall conversion rate. Very easy to understand. You can quickly at a glance see what percentage of users are completing your new form. And underneath we have the same data visualized as a conversion rate over time. And you can see there that around I think that's June 16th something went a little a miss. Um and what had happened there was that the tracking we had in place uh was for when a user was successfully logged in after they completed the signup process. So our internal reporting showed that there was nothing wrong because these users were still creating accounts uh they'd successfully done so and that was what the business was reporting on. But because we were using Amplitude to measure the actual user experience and that they had been logged in successfully at the end of that this issue uh was immediately identified using the conversion rate over time. Once it was done, once it was identified, we were able to get uh developers to investigate, release a fix, and as you can see, the results went back to normal as soon as the fix was released. But if it wasn't for having Amplitude and making sure that we were measuring the users's experience as uh the final outcome here, that they were logged in once they completed the signup, we would have missed it. And had we only had the overall conversion rate chart shown at the top, we would have had to wait until there was a noticeable impact on the overall conversion. So just being able to visualize the same data in two different ways very easily is a huge benefit of uh using a product like amplitude like we do. Now spoke a lot about collecting data and that's not all we use amplitude for atain. We also use it for feature flagging uh to control the release of different products and features. Uh depending on the size of a piece of work that may be a single feature flag, it may be multiple feature flags and that lets us break up complex products into smaller parts that we can test individually. And on the topic of testing, Amplitude's uh feature flagging also means that individual developers or product managers are able to control the release of products down to an individual user. So if we've got users in the business that we believe can offer the best insights when they're testing it, we can turn the feature on specifically for them, have them use it, and turn it back off once they're done testing. That's also how we apply uh our alpha and beta cohort testing as well. You know, once a product's completed development and we want to start getting user insights into it from actual customers, what we can do is use more data than just what Amplitude captures. So at Intane, we have a huge amount of transactional data and customer data that we keep in a uh snowflake data warehouse as well as a whole bunch of user attribution data that we directly import from adjust who's our MMP into Amplitude via an integration that comes out of the box. So with all of that data in Amplitude now, we can layer that with the events we're tracking in Amplitude and situationally target specific users so that only those users are shown the new product for testing because we don't just want to test uh new products and features on random users, but only those who we believe can offer the most valuable feedback to us or are poised to gain the most from the new product. Uh and these controlled rollouts are also the perfect time to test all the charts that we'd made before. So overall, Amplitude when it comes to you know the feature flagging experiments rolling these different products out. You get a huge degree of control over user data uh transactional information doesn't even need to be in Amplitude. You can just pass something as basic as a user ID to Amplitude after you've made an audience in another tool like in Snowflake. So it allows different teams in the business to you know work together without needing to be experts in amplitude. Now the last thing I'll be talking to you today about is uh statistics versus stories as the slide says. Um and it's because having all this data is great but if you're not able to get your business to actually use it uh and take action using it and understand what the data is telling them you're going to lose momentum very quickly. So there's a few things that I'll try and cover that I've come across um that I believe it's important to manage when you are you know communicating this type of information to different users around the business. Uh that being assumed knowledge uh how it happens and the best ways you can avoid the issues it causes. uh how Amplitude can help you contextualize impact uh put the scale of issues or new products into perspective uh and communicating clearly. So effectively sharing the insights that you're generating using the tool uh and sharing them with the business in a way that's going to make the biggest impact. So assume knowledge. Uh at this stage it's likely you've been involved in every step of the process of collecting data uh defining what questions are going to be needing to be answered, what events are going to be tracked, testing those events, building charts, building dashboards. And in the process of doing that, you gain a huge amount of knowledge and understanding that someone who hasn't done all of that won't have when they look at your charts or dashboards. So it's very important to also pass along all the information required to correctly interpret any charts, any dashboards, anything you're sending out to the business. And these here are three tips that I think are, you know, fundamental to being able to do that easily. The first is avoiding technical jargon. Uh me personally, I hate seeing a lot of acronyms, uh complex words where it's not necessary. Keep it simple because, you know, someone who's not familiar with all this jargon is not going to be able to read what you're telling them and actually be able to effectively use uh the data that you're showing them. Also, keep it as short as possible. Uh, no one's going to want to read an essay just to understand a chart. So, effectively communicate this information in the shortest way possible while still including what you need to include. And finally, what I consider the most important part, wherever possible, include a worked example or a user journey that describes exactly what steps a user would have gone through in order to appear in the chart someone's looking at. That way, when someone's looking at this chart, they're not just going to be thinking, oh, you know, numbers on a screen, line going up, line going down. They're going to be able to understand what a user would have done and what they would have been experiencing and actually be able to see, you know, whether or not that's a good thing, whether or not that's a bad thing, and the scale at which it's affecting customers. Next, uh, is contextualizing impact. So, what we were talking about before with the signup form, you're going to have someone asking you all these questions about a single product. And you know as a product manager you know generally you're working on one or maybe a couple projects uh but your main focus is on understanding those rather than trying to see how they fit in the bigger picture. So Amplitude makes it very easy to quickly assess the scale of user behavior. Uh and here we've got an example of that being shown uh with something that happened at Entang not too long ago. uh for compliance reasons uh we were required to add a mandatory prompt that asked users to confirm their details when they logged in. Uh however, when we were communicating this new requirement to customers, uh some of them didn't understand, you know, why this requirement existed and there was confusion caused and then some of these customers reached out to our support team. Uh you know, they weren't happy about it. Some of them even said that they uh would be closing their accounts or didn't remember that they even had one in the first place. um which of course you know users closing their accounts no business wants to see that and because users don't have to call us up to close their account they can just do it in the app the business started worrying about the scale uh of the impact that this was going to have uh but thankfully because we had Amplitude in place and we're already tracking you know if a user closes their account as well as if they were shown that new prompt we were able to within a couple minutes generate this chart here which shows you know clearly a large spike back in the middle there which was when the communication was happening. But you can then also see that it was about.5% of users who were closing their account after the prompt before the communication that spiked about five times to 2.5% which not good. But Amplitude also lets you see the absolute volume that were being affected. So in this case it actually turned out to only be about 80 users out of 3,300 that had seen the prompt that day. So understanding that the business was able to know all right that's the scale that the of users that have been impacted quickly move forward without the need for a more in-depth analysis and because this chart had already been made they're able to monitor the impact of further communications uh in the future and make sure that that same confusion isn't being caused. Now finally is communication. Uh hopefully I've communicated clearly today. Um, and the first tip is knowing your audience. So, anyone that's had to communicate information to someone more senior than them probably run into the problem that the more senior you are in the business, uh, the less time they have to listen to complex analysis. So the more senior or the more decisions someone has to make, the less time they're going to have to sit down, go through all the charts you've made, go through all these nice dashboards, and instead they're going to be relying on you to interpret everything that you've done and communicate clearly to them just what they need to make decisions. So Amplitude does make it a lot easier to make uh, you know, easier to digest charts. You can see here we've got the same data being again visualized just in two different ways. So this is again a simple funnel two steps. The top lot going on. Someone that just at a glance wants to know what percentage of users who converted. They have to read a lot of numbers before they can fully understand. However, you can also just show that chart as a KPI chart down the bottom. One number very easy for people to understand quickly digestible and you can move on and make a decision. So, the final thing that I'll talk to you about is understanding the limitations of your data and what you're tracking. Um, you're never going to be able to track absolutely everything. Understand the context of every action. So, always be transparent and clear when you've made assumptions and the underlying logic as to why you've made that assumption. Uh and when you're proactively identifying these limitations, you're going to be building trust between yourself and whoever you're communicating this information with. Uh but not only that, the people you're talking to are going to have more faith in the tools you're using. You know, in this case, Amplitude in general because they understand that, okay, if this event's happening, it means XYZ. It doesn't mean ABC. Uh, and if you don't communicate clearly and people come across these issues after the fact, nothing's going to destroy trust quicker. You know, you're going to have to rebuild all of that. Uh, and all of this is especially important when you're using a tool like Amplitude that empowers everyone to do their own analysis. Uh, everyone in the business that you give access to Amplitude is going to have access to this data. They're going to be able to make their own charts, uh, determine their own insights. So, the more you can educate them on what is and isn't tracked and what is tracked, what it means, the better they're going to be able to develop insights, the more effective they're going to be at at making decisions and the better those decisions are going to be. Uh, I must have spoken pretty fast today cuz I'm ahead on time and I have nothing else to say. So, I'm going to call it there. Uh, hopefully you guys have heard something interesting, uh, something that you can take away and try yourself. uh if you see me around feel free to ask questions. Um but other than that, thank you for your time. I appreciate you listening and uh enjoy the rest of the conference. [Applause] [Music]
