# [MGS25] 성장을 바라보는 관점을 바꾸는 5가지 인사이트 | Activision

**Date:** Unknown
**Duration:** 24:05
**Language:** en
**YouTube:** https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D2QzJur6aQQ

> 2025년 마케팅 시장의 변화. 여러분은 잘 대응하고 있나요? 데이터로 리드하고, AI로 승리하는 시대, 미래가 우리 앞으로 다가오고 있어요. 경계를...

---

[Music] Good morning. Whoa. Okay. Thank you all so much for coming. Um, let's just jump right into it. So, a couple things I just want to say before we get started. Okay, let me uh see if I can do this right. Um, I have to do this in English. Um I you know of course I would love to speak in Korean but my Korean is very terrible. But let me just say one other thing. Um you know or sorry is really a special moment for me uh to be here with you all today. If my father was still alive he'd be very proud. So, thank you for inviting me. I want to say thank you to all of you and the the event organizers. This is really ve very special for me. So, thank you. Okay, let's move on. Another thing I just have to say this um these what we're going to see today, these are my professional opinions. They do not necessarily reflect the opinions of Activision or parent company or whatever. Um but, uh you know, I just want to say that just to be um very clear as you know, there's some pretty big ideas and trends that we're going to talk about. So, a little bit about me if you guys don't know me, which I figured nobody knows me here. So, um, yes, as mentioned, my name is Alexander Yun or Yungho is my Korean name. Uh, I'm a senior director of life cycle marketing and marketing technology at Activision. I've been there for about 5 years. Um, and uh, Activision, if you guys don't know, is a big publisher in the west of uh, many games, but the most popular one being Call of Duty, which uh, releases a premium annualized game every holiday season this year is Call of Duty Black Ops 7. I suggest everyone check it out if you can. Um, but then also there's a free-to-play battle royale game called War Zone. But then there's a mobile title also in the Call of Duty franchise, COD Mobile. And then there's many other games like Tony Hawk which recently came out as well as other games like Crash Bandicoot. So, uh, Activision has had a very long rich history of of gaming. I think it's about to be 50 years old. So, uh, it's definitely been in the business for a while. Um, but me personally, I've also spent a lot of time at a lot of different companies. I've been working for more than 20 years. Uh, and so I'm pretty old. I've but I've been fortunate enough to work both in gaming, outside of gaming. uh I've been able to work at small companies, big companies, small companies inside of big companies, agency side, client side. And so I've uh been able to get a really sort of diverse set of experience that I think um has really shaped my opinions. And that's that's why I'm telling you all this context. Now, my team is broken up into two sort of primary groups. The first one is life cycle marketing. And this is when you think about players uh playing your game, what kind of messaging and content that we can provide them. That's not necessarily related to when the product comes out, but really when the player comes and where they are in the life cycle. So it could be their first game, it could be their 10,000th game. How are we making sure that we are serving them the right content? The next group is the marketing technology group, which you can see there's a lot that's going on under there. It includes digital products and services. So, you know, the websites as well as the, you know, the web store and how you can look at bundles and buy things, but also just backend sort of applications and services that the consumer can see and then also data and martekch vendor integrations. So, let's get into the meat of it. So, the format of this presentation uh will be pretty simple. It'll start with an observation I have in my work. It's like what am I seeing right and that's the kind of key off point that we'll use um as like the topic and then from the observation just thinking about it what does it mean what's the insight what do I extract out of it and then ultimately from that insight what's the trend and how do I actually think about talking to my team and positioning my team for the future so here's the first one the first one is a tendency to rely rely on existing data pipelines and workflow. I'll explain. So you guys maybe have seen something like this before in your life. Let me know if you haven't or have. So the way we used to do campaigns, a SQL query, actually no, before we even do a SQL query, a Jira ticket would be made, right? It's like, oh, hey, we want to target these people and then they would write a SQL query and then maybe 24 hours later, an a flat file of, you know, audiences would be created and then finally we would send messages. Now this is how things probably used to be done 10 years ago maybe 15. Keep in mind this was like 2020 so it was pretty recent uh when I joined Activision and I saw this and I was like this is not going to work. You got day this is not going to work. We got to change this right and so uh I immediately started thinking about what could we do to advance our capabilities. So two things happened. One these I got to start working with these three gentlemen. uh they are on the data and analytics engineering team. They also all wear suits in their profile picks. I guess I should get a suit. But the other was Braves released cloud data ingestion. Now this was maybe at the end of 2022, early 2023. And this really changed the game for us. Now when we think about just how we get data, player data into our ecosystem, right, we were able to use cloud data ingestion to really streamline our existing data sets in our cloud environment and get it into Braise within 15 minutes. So in the old world, if a player logged in or made a purchase, Braze wouldn't know until 24 48 hours later. Now it's within 15 minutes. What a huge difference that makes makes, right? And so we were able to capitalize off of the cloud data ingestion which made a huge impact for us. But the insight there was not necessarily just the technology, it was the people, right? And you know, had I had not been working with Kynan and his team, we may still be back doing SQL queries and still doing just things the way that they used to be. And so having the right people and the right attitude, an agent of change, someone that wants to push things, right, not want to stay in the status quo. That ultimately was the biggest difference maker. So I guess what I'd like to say here is your attitude about how you approach this and how much you want to push the innovation is actually the biggest impact in my opinion. And so moving forward now, we're in the present time, right? And so I'm talking to Kynan and I'm like, "Hey, we achieved near real time. What are you guys working on?" And I did not even ask them to do this, but they're rearchitecting the data pipelines. So, you know, completely rearchitecting it so that it can leverage both brazes robust APIs plus the cloud data ingestion pathways to create a more resilient, more efficient computation wise and less resour management resource overhead solution that provides us near real time data. So, this is again this is another step change in the way that we're doing our marketing. And the thing is is that another year from now or another two years from now, this picture may also look different. And so while there's nothing proprietary or anything special here, I think the message is clear. It's about the martekch. Yes. But it's really about the people that you have and enabling them. Are you allowing them to or are you know creating an environment for them to innovate and push themselves? And I think I'm so blessed to be able to work with those three gentlemen because what we've been able to do at the scale of Call of Duty and the data engineering involved has been really really remarkable and I think is going to be some of the most profound work that I've been able to do. Okay, number two. This one is maybe a little bit controversial. Best practices and data are great. However, sometimes we may rely on them too much. I'll explain. So, a couple years ago, we had this really awesome campaign. It was called Unknown Caller. Now, this was when Modern Warfare 3 was coming out, and there was a really big kind of in-game event that was going to promote the new title. So, our our mission was, how do we get more people interested in this in-game event? So, the social digital team, they came up with this idea. There was a narrative throughine, a story component of the villain maybe perhaps being in prison with access to a cell phone, a burner phone, right? And uh communicating with his I guess his uh his his squad. And uh it turned into this large streamer activation where these streaming the these streamers would receive packages that looked like they came from a prison. it had an old cell phone and they would receive text messages telling them, "Hey, they got to do these things within the game and then they would do it in front of their audience and it'd be all great." Now, when it came to the next step, I was asked, "Hey, Alex, how do you how do you really blow this out of the water? How do you make this a much bigger campaign? How do you grow this using your channels?" And I think the best practice would have been, oh, hey, we'll use email, we we'll use SMS, WhatsApp or whatever, and we'll just push people to the streamers, we'll push people to the in-game event, and we'll use our best practices, and that's the end of the day. But I said, no, we could do something completely different. I said, ignore the KPIs. Let's do something that really evokes an emotional reaction from our players. So what we did was we created an alternate sort of I guess universe where players would receive text messages and they look like they come from a person but you don't know who it is and so people are like what is going on who who am I receiving these text messages from could it be the villain could it be you know and I think that emotional reaction was actually the spark that then drove all of these KPIs which were record-breaking right so had I had started from like hey how do we drive these metrics and use the best practices, we would have never done this idea. And yeah, so this is some of the community highlights. I think my favorite one here, what if the unknown caller turns out to be Macarov? Does that mean we are working with the enemy? It's like, whoa, mind blown. And so I think that emotional reaction was really what was special. And it reminds me, hey, we're not just sending campaigns. We're not just, you know, doing tactical things to reach players. we we are connecting with humans and we are connecting with them in an emotional way. So how do we actually do that meaningfully? So the trend if you jump to best practices immediately creativity and innovation may be left out and so those that really sorry this is the insight that I pulled. So when I think about this though, I think about this one Harvard Business Review article called, well, are you solving the right problems? But it talks about this theory called the slow elevator theory. I'm not going to go into too much detail, but it talks about a building owner. He he he owns an apartment complex, maybe five floors, and there's one elevator shaft, and the apartment complex is completely full, and people are saying, "I don't want to wait for the elevator. It's too slow. Why do we have to wait for the elevator?" And so the building manager, he says, "Oh man, I got to get I got to install another elevator and do all this construction. It's going to be so much work and it's going to cost so much money." But what this article talks about says actually you don't have a slow elevator problem. You have a people problem and you should try putting maybe a mirror or some sort of activities by the elevator so that people will be entertained while they wait for the elevator. And so it totally reframes the way you think about the problems that your business is solving and making sure that you take a step back and think are you solving the right problems? And so this has had such a profound impact on how I think and how I talk to my team about what they do with their time. So ultimately the people that will find the most success moving forward I think are the ones that truly will take the time to understand the problems that they're trying to tackle which is it's a people problem. We are connecting with humans. We're not executing campaigns. We're not you know building martekch. We are actually talking to people. Okay, I gotta start burning. I'm I'm running out of I gota I'm not doing too well on time, so I'm gonna go a little faster. I'm sorry for the interpreters in the back. But um so the third one, custom tech integrations are really hard. This is I mean it sounds really obvious, but I'm going to just talk about it. So this is the message of the day. It's the first thing you see when you boot up Call of Duty. It's like an interstitial, but it's a carousel. We can talk about marketing stuff. We can talk about the game. And um it's been around for like 15 years now. Getting an interstitial like that in a console PC game is not easy. Right. On mobile you have an SDK with brains or whatever else and you can pop them up using the iOS and Android native um operating system APIs and it's very seamless. But in this environment with a console PC game, we don't have any of that. So there are two distinct challenges. The first one is how do you actually get the content into the game engine and how do you render it? That's problem one. Problem two is how do you actually do all the personalization, the content, the message delivery. That's problem two. We'll talk about problem two because that's what I was focusing on. So the message of the day originally was built with a lot of different internally customuilt solutions and services. And in my head I'm like, well, why do we need a high-speed database? Why do we need all this stuff, all these services when we could just plug Baze in to do all that second piece, right? And so we can deprecate all those things and we can install Braise into the existing front-end shell and it should be pretty straightforward, right? All we need is this little orange box, micros service, whatever it is. And yeah, the benefits are great, right? We can unlock multi- channelannel orchestration. We can reduce our technology costs through consolidation, maximize resources efficiency, right? Developers that were managing that can work on other things. So it sounds like a slam dunk, right? Well, innovation never follows a straight path. So this idea I've had for I think maybe so I joined five years ago maybe. So, it's been four years trying to get this project over the line and we just got it done like last month. It took four years and I thought I was going to die but we got it done and now you can see we can do these I think traditionally somewhat basic use cases but they are very very big new innovations for us which is we can send say for example a win back email. It says hey come back and you get a free battle pass. We know that you clicked it. Then we can show the message in the console PC environment saying, "Welcome back. Go get your free battle pass." And then we can call a web hook from Braze to our internal services to then entitle that gift. And you can tell the theme is old. This is from a game from maybe three or four years ago, cuz this is how long I've been thinking about it. But we finally got it done. And the only reason why we got it done was because it was through close close partnership with Stitch, our our agency that is a specialty Braise boutique agency as well as our partnership with Braise. And so the trend here, right, when you think about your agency partners or your vendor partners and you think about your investments in them, right, whether it's m, you know, money or time or whatever, the way I see it now is you're you need to build a relationship with them just like you're building a relationship with your customers and they are building their relationship with their customers, which is you. And those that actually have these really deep relationships will find the most success long term with like I'm telling you there are many times where we wanted to just throw the project out the window because it was extremely challenging. But because all three of us were so invested together with mutually aligned goals, we got the project over the line. Okay. Fourth one, AI. obviously a huge topic at this conference. It's on everyone's mind and AI is massively disruptive and it's just getting started. Now, my point of view is from the consumer's point of view, not necessarily from a marketer or technology point of view. This is I'm thinking about it from the consumer because as a marketer, I'm always thinking about from the consumer's perspective. How do we reach our consumers? So, this was just announced I think maybe a week ago. It's called Showrrunner. I don't know if anyone has heard of this. It made some news last week. It's Amazon. They invested in a company called Fable. I don't know how good it is. I have to try it. But apparently, you can create entire TV episodes with a prompt, right? So, say you want to watch, I don't know, your favorite Kdrama or you want to watch your favorite cartoon, but you want to have your own custom episode. You just type in a prompt and boom, there's an episode. It sounds absolutely crazy, but apparently it's a thing. Now, I don't know, 3 months ago, we got Google V3, right? And that was creating sort of long form clips from a single prompt, and everyone was blown away. Within 3 months, we now have full episodes that you can create, which is who knows what it's going to be within the next 3 months after that. So my insight here is userprompted or automated AI generated content will only increase competition for attention. No longer me as a brand am I competing with other brands that are trying to get to get to consumers. I'm now competing with the consumer creating content for themselves. And so it becomes even more paramount for us to think about how do you break through? How do you reach your consumer? How do you talk to them? because they have not only more options, they can create their own options for their own entertainment. So then of course I use chat GPT and I asked AI, well if I'm trying to compete and talk to humans, what are human strengths over AI today? Because I want to do better at reaching my consumers. And it gave really nice answer. I know you can't read it. It's really small. Um, but there are two out of these five that really stuck out to me. The first one, creativity. These LLMs, these models, they're trained on what humans create. And then as our reliance on them becomes even greater. We create more stuff from AI. The stuff that is authentically created from humans will start to shrink and diminish. But really, ultimately, the AI is trained on what we create. and it cannot do creativities like creativity like humans. The second one I love which is humans are unpredictable. They're there's just no way you can predict them. And when you think and I don't know if you know if any of you are coders but you know there's uh random number generators that are done through software. They're not truly like random because they're actually calculated or whatever it is. Humans are truly random. they can be truly random. And so this is something that like I think about a lot, these two things, creativity and and really the unpredictability of humans driven by whether it's emotion or just behavior. And so when I think about AI also from a consumer perspect perspective as well as a marketer's perspective, I was talking to a really close friend in the industry that I've had for 20 years and he said, "Oh, it's like when the camera first came out." Now, this is the first commercially available camera. He said, "There were some people that were saying, "Oh man, the camera, well, why do we need painting? Nobody needs painting anymore. you can just take a picture and painting's done. Well, of course, after the camera came out, then we had a new set of creative painting genres that came out, whether it's impressionism or cubism after that. But it pushed humans into a new realm of creativity that wasn't seen before. And of course, I asked Chad GBT of this analysis, does this even make sense? And that it's like, yes, of course, it makes sense. I think well I'm going to do more research on this but I think the the overlying me underlying message really really speaks to me which is you know AI is going to disrupt so much of how we live how we think and how we work today and so as I think about marketing and how I reach consumers I think about this how can I be creative how can I be unpredictable how can I reach consumers in new ways that haven't been thought of and I challenge my team to do the same thing. So those that truly embrace creativity and the nuance of human nature will find the most success with AI in the future because at least for now there are things that humans can do that AI can't and we should lean into those strengths while also leveraging the strengths of AI. Okay, the final observation. I still have so much to learn and this is going to be my closing. The fifth insight for me at least and I would invite everyone else here. The journey of learning never ends. And so I would just love to meet anyone. Everybody here would love to hear your story. Would love to learn from you. Would love to learn more about the Korean market. I would love to stay in touch with anyone and everyone. Um, and I'm really big on just hearing from people what their experience is because I view everything as a learning experience. And so with that, I will close and just say thank you all for attending. Hopefully this was fun and uh I hope I hear from you soon. So, [Music]
