# [MGS25] AI로 다시 그리는 그로스 스택:  인사이트에서 실행까지 | Amplitude

**Date:** Unknown
**Duration:** 24:54
**Language:** en
**YouTube:** https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bqB19VPD_CU

> 2025년 마케팅 시장의 변화. 여러분은 잘 대응하고 있나요? 데이터로 리드하고, AI로 승리하는 시대, 미래가 우리 앞으로 다가오고 있어요. 경계를...

---

[Music] Good morning everyone. Anio um it's great to be here on the same stage. Last year I spent the time talking about the importance of platforms in digital analytics. The key to bringing product teams, marketing teams, data analysts together and engineering to understanding customer journeys, right? understanding in a complex world how people are engaging with your product whether it be through the web, through digital, through mobile applications. So today that message is even more important as we reimagine the growth stack. If we imagine how we embed AI into that growth stack, it's really important to have that strong foundation. Otherwise, AI instead of enhancing your experience will probably slow it down. So today I want to share a little bit about our journey as Amplitude, how we've embedded AI into all of our products and how customers have responded. Uh a little bit about myself. You may have noticed I'm not Korean. I do have a Korean name which is Bimyong. Uh which is based on my Chinese name which is Jinlong. Um but here in Korea that sounds more like a restaurant. So you can just call me Matt. Um, in terms of Amplitude, we are the world's leading digital analytics platform, servicing over 3,600 customers worldwide, hundreds of those here in Korea. I want to shout out to some of those customers today, whether that be Musinsa, TVing, Curly, Olive Young. Uh, thank you for your partnership uh, and a great example of how Korea is leading the way in terms of digital analytics and really engaging in customer journeys. I do want to share today a little bit of news. Launched today by Forester, they announced their new wave for digital analytics solutions and Amplitude as one of the strongest leaders in this market really embracing the use of AI and how actually customers are looking to engage with both our product and then also into their connecting with their customer journeys. So um let's talk about Amplitude AI. Let's talk about what we're driving, what we're seeing. You know, one of the easiest ways and the earliest ways people think of when it comes to AI is really this idea of eventually at that self-driving moment, right? We've been through that experience of that analog map. I'm a little bit older, so I remember using printed maps and and kind of looking at the how am I going to get from A to B. And we've seen how rapidly that's evolved over time as we integrated GPS and smarter routes and kind of giving guidance on how to get somewhere and ultimately landing in this idea of a self-driving car. And the growth stack is a little bit like that. As we mo as we move through that evolution, we're seeing more and more ways that we can actually end up at that almost self-improving product. Um, but it's important and Shahed touched on this a little bit about what is the maturity of AI? Where are we in that growth stack? We look at it in four different ways, right? I think most of us are familiar with as Shahed touched on the predictive AI using data to predict what might happen next, right? Uh and generative AI in terms of how you engage and interact with data, ask questions of data and actually generate content and interrogate information in a much cleaner and more narrative way. You know, ultimately the next stage is aentic AI and I'm going to talk a little bit about that today and what that means where you start to ask AI to do something on your behalf where you start to leverage the power of AI to do a lot of the work. I'm not saying you don't want to do that work, but in today's age, why would you, right? If you're able to leverage AI to do a lot of that manual manipulation of data, why wouldn't you? Why don't you want you would want to drive insights quicker, faster, more effective, and to be where you are and where you are in your role. Whether you're a marketing person, whether you're performance marketing, growth marketing, whether you're an engineer, you want to be able to leverage that generative AI to make your job easier, to make you more effective in the way that you are actually driving either product development or engagement from a marketing perspective. And ultimately the goal is to drive into transformative growth, transformative AI um uh ability to really drive a self-improving product. So as we look at how do we redesign that growth engine for the AI area AI era, uh it's important to understand where we are, right? Let's think of it from a Korean context for a minute. Over 900 million minutes on chat GBT are spent monthly in Korea. I think about that number for a minute. That's 1,700 years a month spent in AI. So the question isn't is AI going to be part of your business or part of your customer engagement. It's already there, right? It's happening with your customers, with your employees. Everybody here is using it, right? This is not a question of a trend of tomorrow. It's a trend of today. you know, Korea itself is number two worldwide in the use of open AI. So again, there is huge demand for this ability to interact and understand and change the way that we engage with the world, right? And that's massively important as we think about what are we going to do as an organization, as a marketer, as an engineer, as a product lead team about how we're going to leverage the power of AI. the challenge that that creates, right? Digital teams are moving faster or have to move faster than they've ever had to do before, right? The pace of change. Think about it. 1700 years worth of chat GPT per month. People are engaging and enhancing and driving new and newer ways to engage. But it creates more challenges. It creates more fragmentation. It creates different pathways, different journeys, right? How do I embrace that? How do I understand that as a as an individual at scale at the pace that we're seeing? Right? If you cannot generate real-time insights, if you can't get that AI guidance or that AI optimization, you're going to be left behind. You're going to be differentiated by from your competition because you're not going to be where the customer is, right? It's more and more important that AI becomes embedded in your product, in your way of marketing, in your way of engaging with customers. Whether you're looking at acquisition or retention or monetization, it has to be there. And what we're finding with our customers is it's not about pivoting to an AI tool. It's not about having AI to the side. It has to sit across your entire platform. It has to be where the customer is at every time. when they want to enhance the experience, when they want to bring in AI elements, they need to see it within the platform at all times. So for us, as we've built out our platform, as we've looked at engage and how we work with customers, we realized it had to be builtin. It can't be bolt-on. It has to be integral to the way that you build your product. Has to be integral to the way that you use your product. And it's about evolving. It's about changing the way that we engage with our customers and through them to their customers. Right? The idea being that as you aim for that long-term goal of a self-improving product, you're evolving the way that you use AI. AI ultimately has to become a collaborator, not a tool. It has to be something that allows you to change the way that you work. So, as we look at that and think about how can it be built in as opposed to bolt-on, how are we going to leverage it? What are the key steps for us? We looked at it in three ways. And I'm going to share those with you now. First thing, it has to accelerate the the way that you use the platform today. It has to improve the way that you work today, right? It has to give you an advantage, a way of driving some of the ways that you've been utilizing digital analytics for the past 3, 5, 10 years, right? Um and what we worked on from an amplitude perspective was straight away about how can we use the predictive and generative uh uh AI u functionality to enhance the way that you use digital analytics today. You know some classic examples. Why would you uh look to watch thousands of hours of customer sessions when you can have an AI tool look at it for you? Why would you watch 10 minutes of a customer interaction when you can have that summarized using AI? So again, accelerating the way that you can get to your insights is critical. You know, we also wanted to make sure that we could give more and more improved uh engagement within the the analytics output. The idea that you can chat to a chart, the idea that in natural language, in Korean, you can interrogate the information that's being surfaced and you can have a conversation with that AI agent. You know, so there's many ways that we've looked to enhance this and you know, I'd encourage you to spend some time at the booth later and talk to our team, but also in the second half of this session, DC is going to run you through some examples of those AI tools that that enhancement, that ability to drive better digital analytics, right? Whether it be ask amplitude, which was our first, I guess, predictive/generative AI element where we now have over 55,000 interrogations per day. uh in 2024. So again, more and more ways that we're looking to accelerate the way that you engage with the platform today. The second piece is about the automation. If I've accelerated the way you use it today, now I want to automate. Now I want to change the way that you use the digital analytics platform. Right? I want to be able to understand how I can actually drive changes without you being involved. Shah talked a little bit about experimentation. So did Roy, right? Being able to do that at scale using AI instead of starting with a blank page let's think about it in AB testing your AI agent can start can actually hypothesize can make a decision it can run tests it can do it on your behalf you can give it agency you can give it the ability to actually make decisions on your behalf again very very powerful as we look to how we're changing the way that we use digital analytics you know we're all familiar with this idea of build product ship product, use it and learn that iterative loop getting better. Right? In the old way where you're primarily relying on those different teams involved, it can it can build in some obsolescence. It can build in some time challenges. As you start to use agents to drive specific functionality, specific goals, you can rapidly adopt a much faster cycle. Right? Those agents are working 24 by7. They're building those hypothesis. They're making those decisions around experiments. They're engaging the human in the loop, right? But they're actually now optimizing that cycle faster than it's ever been before. And going back to what I talked about at the beginning, that's the only way you can stay constant in the today's world. If you don't have that ability to to to change at scale, you're already going to be behind your competition. What an agent cannot be as a black box, right? When we looked at it as amplitude, we didn't want to create a scenario of like, I wonder what's happening within there. It needs to be transparent, right? It's not about making it completely automated, right? Keeping the human in the loop is incredibly important. So, where a lot of the nuance comes, but what we're doing is we're allowing that human to be far more effective. Whether you're part of a marketing team, a digital analytics team, whether you're part of the engineers teams, you're able to understand and decide the actions that that agent takes. Right at launch when we launched this in October, we've built many different of these agents targeted at certain functionality that you'll be able to use. But we've also designed it so that you can create your own agent, create your own functionality, your own driver for making change within your product, within your marketing stack. So again, very very important for us as we looked at this as we first accelerated and then moved to automation that we gave you that flexibility and gave you that transparency. And then ultimately we want to provide that roadmap to transformation right enable you to make those big bets around AI that self-improving product that ability to generate insight over time make changes with your engagement with your you know with your involvement but again about pace and at change and then the pace of scale that we're seeing. So as you look at that as you look at it from an amplitude perspective we rolled out many of those predictive features over the last 12 to 18 months right we've continued to drive that through our generative models you know and DC will cover some of those in detail right moving to assistants that actually can guide the user through users through surveys and activation and again that ability to chat natural language the next biggest step for us is the roll out of the agents which as I said is actually going live in October But many customers are using it now in that beta mode. Really really powerful as they start to drive that autom automation that ability to kind of look use AI to to generate scale of insight. You know, some of the examples that we see here, whether that be having an agent dedicated to conversion or an agent dedicate dedicated to the onboarding process, right? Bringing in all those different elements and factors about what what might be important for improving that um those factors whether again like whether it be acquisition, retention, monetization, it's up to you. You can use those templates to drive it, but it's going to give you huge scale and huge advantage. It lays the groundwork really for those self-improving products that we talked about. You know, making that vision a reality, you know, where you have a tool or a framework or a setup that actually is going out to find what's already broken. Hey, we found this. I've made this change, right? Or, hey, I I identified this key cohort. I've already sent messages to activate uh and to actually drive better engagement or, you know, I've identified these features that we think would be more effective. Again, it's pulling a lot of different data. It's at the end of the day, it's not about bringing more data. It's being able to activate data at scale. So, done done well. If you look at that AI journey, first we accelerate how you use platforms. Secondly, we can automate how you use platforms. And fundamentally, we can transform the way that you use data in your organization. It helps us move away from this idea of guesswork, right? moving to hello AI guided growth and that's the ultimate goal. So with that I'm going to hand over to DC our Korean team here one of our Korean team here to give you more insight into specifically how we're doing that in Korea. So thank you very much. [Music] Yeah. [Music] AI and Oh, Clustering segmentation. And Keep on talking. Okay. Yeah. Okay. You got to to the AI agent. AI agent You okay? What play. Amen. today. iOS, Facebook. New York. homeage. Here you go. Okay, thumbs up. [Music]
