# [MGS25] Smarter Growth: AI for Mobile Games & Apps | Phiture

**Date:** Unknown
**Duration:** 25:30
**Language:** en
**YouTube:** https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FKF6CkY-uXY

> 2025년 마케팅 시장의 변화. 여러분은 잘 대응하고 있나요? 데이터로 리드하고, AI로 승리하는 시대, 미래가 우리 앞으로 다가오고 있어요. 경계를...

---

[Music] Hi everyone and uh yeah it's great to see so many people here and uh I just wanted to say before I kick off uh big thank you to the organizers uh such a great team here with the AB180 average team always like the most professional conference that I've speak at and I speak at a lot conferences. So, um yeah, I'm always very very happy to come and speak here. Um yeah, and thanks to Roy, of course, for for inviting me. Um so, I'm going to talk a bit today about uh AI and how we're applying it at at Feature, my mobile growth consultancy, uh in the world of games, mobile games and apps. So, a bit about me. I started my career back in Nokia back in uh 1999. So I'm I'm quite old at this point. Um yeah, so I was making games for them basically. Uh some of the very first mobile games that uh that existed. I I was I made a game called Space Impact, which was one of the very early arcade scrolling shooter map games on a mobile phone. It was a lot of fun making these games back then. Um, and I spent around 10 10 years after that building and publishing games as the mobile games industry developed. Um, I took a a short break to go traveling around the world for a year around 2009. Uh, and then went to business school one year later, ended up at SoundCloud in Berlin, uh, where I was leading mobile growth there for about four and a half years. uh and it was while I was there that I published a framework called the mobile growth stack uh which I will uh I'll I'll show you briefly in a moment and uh yeah it's also so this this framework was basically uh something which seemed to resonate well with the industry a lot of folks were very interested in reading that framework and applying that in their business and I was getting requests from companies asking can can I help them apply this framework work in their business. So, this is kind of how I set it up. Set up Feature, which is the the company that I'm still running today. So, at Feature, we uh we help leading BTOC brands in the games and the app space to acquire, engage, retain, and monetize mobile users in all markets globally. Uh we work with many of the leading apps and games publishers. You can see a selection of those on the right hand side. Some of the folks we're working with we're we're not allowed to talk about because of uh non-disclosure agreements, but uh we're working with with quite a few of the the big ones. So, this is the mobile growth stack framework that I was talking about. I I'm not going to go through the whole framework today. Uh I do have it in Korean, however. Um in previous years, I've translated all my slides into Korean, so apologies that I'm not doing that this year. Uh I was in a bit of a rush to get my content together. Uh so big thanks to the translators sitting in the box over there at the back. Uh really appreciate the real-time translation. Uh but if you would like a uh a highdefinition copy of this uh this framework in Korean, um just come talk to me afterwards or or write to me on LinkedIn. I'm going to put my LinkedIn uh QR code up at the end. Uh and I'll happily send you a copy as a PDF. Okay. But uh I'm not here to talk about the mobile growth stack today. I really want to talk about AI uh and share some some real world examples of of how we're actually deploying AI with some of the companies that I showed you on uh on the previous slide there. Um, and uh, I want to start off with a just a quick story about back from 2018 when I was asked to make some predictions for um, I was at a I was at a strategy day of a e-commerce group uh, in Germany. Uh, so my my company is based in in Germany in Berlin. Uh, and another German company asked could I come and keynote at their strategy day. So I kicked off their strategy day with a talk about the future of mobile. They wanted to know what is what is going to be happening in in in mobile in the future. So back in 2018, uh these were some of my slides actually. They're just small versions, but uh so I started off by talking about how Mark Andre from uh Andre Horowitz's A16Z um VC firm, he famously coined the phrase software is eating the world. I'm not sure if you remember this, but software was was eating the world back then. That was the big thing. uh and then later uh yeah it took a while because the world is big right so people were talking about software eating the world for some time but then another guy Jeffrey Parker Jeffrey G Parker I think is uh how he goes by um he said he he came up with this this new idea that actually platforms were eating the world so platforms were kind of eating software and which were eating the world uh and uh so Parker saw platforms not merely as software but also as just marketplaces which enable producers and consumers to transact in mostly open ecosystems and his assertion complements earlier ideas from Mark Andre's software is eating the world and so you know first software disrupts industries and then platforms redefine how value is created and distributed within those industries and uh yeah so my contribution to the whole debate for what it's worth was that uh artificial intelligence will eventually eat the platform. Um and I'm I I think you know I think I'm not not too wrong on that actually. Like I think now we see that there is actually a risk actually that that brands might lose a bit of control of the customer relationship because the artificial intelligence platform um you know it might actually when there's AI agents doing things like you know doing price selection and making bookings actually it's the AI that has the relationship um you know with the uh with with with the with the consumer rather than the uh the individual brands. So I I do think that artificial intelligence is is eating the platform. Uh and we also see the platforms are starting to put up protection so that they don't get eaten by AI. They're making their their platforms harder for AI agents to to access in some cases. So but we we'll see. I think a AI will eat the platform. Anyway, I finished my presentation back in 2018 by uh with the prediction that by 2030 uh we're probably going to have a robot apocalypse of some kind and and humanity is maybe doomed. Um and I do think that we're on track for that. We've got 5 years. Um yeah, I think it's probably going to happen. Um but for now, it's great, right? like um AI is like having a a magic genie that uh can you know obey our our commands and do really cool stuff. Um I think in the future there's going to be some you know some some interesting times ahead. Um but for now it feels like magic, right? And it's driving real business impact. So for the rest of this presentation I'm going to focus on practical and positive applications of AI in growth marketing today. Okay. So AI really is redefining growth. There's many things which it enables. Um and you know it's really good at like finding patterns, predicting future behavior, uh creating assets, creating like you know uh creative assets. Um and it can learn from results and get smarter, right? And I think that what's really interesting is what we're seeing not just there's not just me talking about it. We're I'm seeing it in the industry right now is that when combining AI and automation particularly we see that the whole paradigm of datadriven growth experimentation changes, right? the unit economics of datadriven growth experimentation changes because suddenly the cost of running another experiment instead of becoming like linearly more expensive it the cost gets cheaper. It's it's essentially free to run another experiment particularly if you're able to generate the assets for that experiment as well. uh and with the automation and the ability to run many experiments in parallel and I'll show examples of of how we're doing this at feature um it really creates this flywheel of growth which uh it's very difficult to replicate manually. You know we can see that uh it's really possible to to run hundreds or even thousands more experiments per per month uh using AI and automation than it is to do it manually. and and by running lots and lots of experiments, you get to those outsize wins. So, it's like high cadence experiments, high volume, elevated win rates, and a system that gets smarter and smarter as it runs. Um, yeah, it's uh costs are falling, impact is increasing, speed of iteration is also increasing. So that's that's those three things together create a very different playground for companies that are uh progressive enough to to seize the the initiative and and to to to work with uh with AI uh in growth experimentation. So I want to give some proper examples. I'm a big fan of Hunter S. Thompson. uh he was once quoted as saying the edge there's no honest way to explain it because the only people who really know where it is are the ones who've gone over. Okay. And that quote from Hunter S. Thompson is very relevant to AI adoption in the growth space today. Uh we see a lot of folks who aren't brave enough yet to really lean into AI. a lot of companies who are, you know, they maybe get they're pretty excited about trying out some new AI solutions, but when they really see what it can do at the at the edge, uh, they get a bit cautious, right? And that I think it's good to be cautious, but the ones that are brave enough to really go over the edge and really see put put the AI in control and and see what it can do, uh, we're seeing that they they're getting really great results in many cases. Uh and I will show you these examples in a second. I know I keep saying I'm going to show you some examples and then I just keep talking. But um one thing that I I have observed as well is that a lot of companies are not yet ready for going over the edge with AI, right? A lot of folks they want to go straight from zero to 100 and there are maybe some some steps in between that, you know, they need to do in order to to really get the benefits from AI. And I'd say some of that stuff is like ensuring proper tracking of events and user properties. Uh AI is only good as the data that flows into it. Uh and so you need to get that data infrastructure right. Uh as well as the right marketing tech components to make that data available and actionable in the right places. right now. If you're a company that doesn't have the right data in in a in a well organized format, if it's not available in the right places to actually action that data and turn insight into action, then you're not really ready to leverage AI solutions um at least not to their fullest. So, in order to reap the full benefits of AI experimentation, the team should have the data infrastructure and a growth mindset in place. they you also need to be comfortable with running experiments, right? And that might sound obvious to most of you here. Um I'm sure a lot of you are already running growth experiments, but uh believe it or not, there's still a lot of companies out there who aren't that comfortable running things as an experiment. They want to design one thing and just deploy it into the market and they think it's going to be the best thing, but they're not they're not testing. Uh, and if you're not testing and if you're not comfortable trusting the data and trusting the technology, then you're probably not going to get the benefits from AI. Okay. So, some stuff that we've actually built, uh, I'm going to show you two AI solutions and a and a short case study at the end. Um, and I'm going to cover a couple of different areas of the growth funnel. So, this first one I'm going to talk about is uh for Apple Apple ads or Apple Apple Search Ads as it used to be called. They just renamed it Apple ads now. Um we've built an AI reinforcement learning bidding engine uh called well we call it catchbase. It we used to call it ASAI confusingly but we just rebranded it today. So now we're calling it catchbase but it doesn't matter what we're calling it right. I want to just tell you what it actually does. Okay. Okay. So, first of all, for those of you who not familiar with Apple ads, uh basically works very similar to other search auctions, you can bid on keywords um in each market. So, of course, keywords in different languages and different markets. Um and you know, you you bid on those keywords and if you bid more than the other people who are bidding on that keyword, then your ad gets shown. You know, it's it's just an ad auction. Okay. A lot of apps and games spend money on both brand defense as well as tapping into high intent audiences that are searching for relevant keywords. Um, recently Apple also enabled advertisers to bring traffic to keyword, excuse me, keyword specific CPs, custom product pages, uh, to create a more tailored store listing that reflects user intent based on the keyword they searched. So, in other words, you know, if I'm searching for uh, apples, then I'll get an apple based uh, keyword. Apple's a terrible example because I'm not talking about Apple, the the the manufacturer. Let's let's say I'm I'm searching for a racing game, right? Then uh I'm searching for for cars. Then the the the landing page can show me cars if if you have a a racing game which which also includes cars. Okay. So you can create a more tailored store listing that reflects the user intent based on the keyword they searched. Um so the classic solutions to this is either that you have somebody manually updating your bidding uh based on just you know what you see results-wise every every day or every every you know few days or you're using uh one of the commercial solutions out there. There are some platforms which which claim to automate a lot of this stuff and they're optimizing for cost per install or a cost per action goal. Um usually not for rorowass for return on ad spend um because it's more complex to optimize for that. Um and what we see is that actually most of the exist the current solutions out there even the ones that claim to be AI are actually just using simple rule-based uh bidding. So they have a few very basic rules and they're kind of just comparing okay is the bid you know above or below this this value is it doing this or is it doing that and uh and they change it change the bids like once every 24 hours or so. Okay what we built was a a reinforcement learning system. Uh this is consist like constantly optimizing might be changing the bids even multiple times per day. Uh it's looking at like you know what is the current environment in the app store. uh and it's always continually optimizing for to achieve your goal whether that's a better CPI or better CPA or a better rorowass you can optimize for rorowass as well so instead of adjusting bids once every few days based on some crude thresholds or or simple rules um what we what we're doing is like perpetually recalibrating bids based on observing movements in the app store uh and what we're seeing is that that outperforms other bidding solutions by around 20 20 to 30% %. Um, so it means you can spend 20 to 30% more. Um, now the platforms like Apple aren't really that interested in advertisers saving money. Um, they quite like it when advertisers don't save money cuz uh because because Apple gets to keep it all. But it's it's actually in everyone's best interest if if advertisers can advertise more efficiently because hopefully they can redeploy those savings to buy even more ads which then also benefits Apple. So just quickly what is like machine learning and what is reinforcement learning? Um to make it really simple uh machine learning is like a static model. Uh it's trained on some training data. It's understanding and identifying patterns. It it understands like how to optimize towards a goal and and it's basically it's it's good at making predictions. It's predictions based on a a static data set. and and if you need to if that if the the environment changes then that model will become less useful uh or you need to actually retrain it with new data. Okay, reinforcement learning is dynamic. So machine learning static reinforcement learning dynamic. So with reinforcement learning it's constantly learning and adapting to new changes in the environment. So yeah as I said we call it catchbase. uh it's basically getting smarter all the time. We keep advancing the model. So now it's also looking at the impact that changing a bit on one keyword has on the performance of all the other keywords. So it's it's it's like we think it's pretty cool. It's getting smarter and it's been really interesting to build this um and see that it's making you know it's getting real results in in out out there for you know for paying customers. What we've also built is something that automates automates app store optimization using generative AI on the play store uh with massive parallel parallelization. So if you've got the traffic, you can run 300 experiments a month with press play, which is what we call our ASO solution for for uh Android. Uh and so what it's doing, it's basically got AI at every point in the in the system. We train the model for each customer separately based on their um Play Store reviews based on all of their assets, not just the ones that they can we can see in the store and all their historical uh app store play store assets, but also all of the the new assets that they're and all of all of the assets that they can share with us that they have inside the game as well. So, it's really learning and training how to represent the characters, how to represent the IP of the game. Um and then it starts to run experiments. It builds hypotheses. It starts to run experiments based on all of these these inputs. Uh and the first experiments they always lose, right? But it then it also analyzes like okay it run this asset like it could be an icon, could be a feature graphic, could be a short description. It it looks at this versus the one that won you know. So in other words the usually the control group in the first case and it sees like okay what why is this uh why is this losing? Why is it winning? whe whether it's a win or a loss, it's trying to understand why and it builds a new hypothesis which then informs the next iteration of the experiment. And usually after a few loops around that uh few iterations, it's already outperforming the original asset. Uh and it gets pretty quickly to pretty awesome results. Uh here's an example from Anakin Life, which is a free-to-play 3D social simulation game from Lockwood Publishing. Um, and they saw huge conversion increases through iterative automated icon testing, for example, with press play. Like that 57% conversion uplift was within two months. And so again, I I wanted to sort of reiterate like this is the paradigm shift that I'm talking about. Uh, it's not about the specific solutions that we've built. I think you can you can see this pattern in many other places as well. If you build a system which can learn, which can deploy tests automatically uh and ideally quickly decide whether they're winning or losing and then quickly deploy the next test, um you can build these very fast, very effective loops that quickly iterate towards better performance. You know, if it's learning from the results and then trying something better, uh it really changes the the unit economics of growth. I'm going to speed up a little bit here because I have just four minutes left and I want everyone to get to their lunch on time. Um, so here's just a couple of other examples, screens from press play just to show how we're kind of how it how it looks in practice. You can set a whole bunch of rules about when it should deploy an experiment, when it should choose a winner. Um, so it's kind of like a you know automated experiment deployment uh and prioritization rules. Uh, it builds like a backlog like this. there's always a a continuous backlog for as many markets as you want to run tests in. Um it can do also like every every country simultaneously. Um provided you have enough organic traffic. So um usually the the bottleneck is the review process. Normally somebody from the publisher wants to actually go through and review these assets before it deploys them live, which is pretty sensible. Um but if you wanted to just let it run on full auto, it would run even faster. Okay. So I want to talk just just finish up this talk talk giving example from life cycle marketing. Right. So down the funnel. So we've looked at paid marketing. Um we talked about talked about organic uh organic acquisition of app app and game users. Uh and now I want to talk very quickly about life cycle marketing. So you can apply a lot of the same kind of predictive analytics personalization. I think personalization is kind of a key theme across across the whole funnel. um and building kind of more cohesive user journeys um powered by predictive analytics. Uh and what we did with HBO Max um so this is a great example I think of like a collaboration between several companies. So we worked with Braze um which HBO was using. So HBO is a Braze customer uh feature. My my my team came in and helped HBO to leverage AI which they had built and which was already existing in within their product. A great personalization recommendation engine which was giving really great personalized recommendations to users within the product but not within the CRM. So within Braze, they were just still recommending um titles just very generically, not very good segmentation, not much personalization, just basically recommending whatever was new in the catalog um in each of in each of the countries they were operating. Uh and what we did was we built a uh an internal API which exposed the the recommener engine which was available within the product of the HBO Max app and made that available to braise made that data it's about unlocking and unleashing the power of the data that already existed and then building a a basically an interface into braise. It's more than just the API. We also built all of the sort of campaign structure that would pull recommendations automatically and then deliver them as like rich push notifications or inapp messages. And we got some really great results with that as well. So, it's not always about having to build all of the AI yourself. You can also, you know, it's sometimes just about like taking what's already there and making it available in in a in a different part of the uh the marketing team or the the marketing ecosystem. Uh this was incredibly impactful for HBO Max and it's continuing to drive them great impact by giving people better recommendations based on their personal watch watch history. Okay, so just to wrap up uh some key learnings from the past couple of years at feature where we've been building and deploying these kind of like AI solutions in the market. It's really important to understand what success is supposed to look like. If you don't know what you're trying to improve, you probably won't improve it. um it's not just good enough just to have in insight. You need to combine that insight with action, right? And that's really where the magic happens along with building automated feedback loops so that the system can get better and faster all on its own. Okay? And if you build the right systems, growth experimentation unit economics can radically improve. We've seen it in many cases. So I want to say thank you very much for your time and attention today. Um, I'd love to continue this conversation. Uh, hopefully I'll meet some of you later and and have a chat. Um, you can add me on LinkedIn. Um, or you can reach me uh with my contact details here. And, uh, if you'd like to fill in a a survey for this session, the organizers at AB180 would be super grateful. I would also be happy to to see your feedback. So, thank you very much. Thanks for your time. [Music]
