# (한국어 자막) AI 기반 CRM 자동화 시대, 창의성이 여전히 중요한 이유

**Date:** Unknown
**Duration:** 39:08
**Language:** en
**YouTube:** https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xC57KrNzhm0

> 최신 CRM 방향성과 실무적 해답에 대한 인사이트를 얻어보세요.

---

[Music] Hi everyone, welcome to AB180's gross interview series. In a world where attention and engagement is the ultimate currency, how do brands forge genuine connections with their customers? How can you balance short-term sales and long-term brand building campaigns? What separates good personalization from great personalization? what's creatively possible with AI. Today, we're going beyond buzzwords into tangible strategies with Miriam Masmer, VP of strategic consulting at Brace, a leading customer engagement platform. So, hi Miam. Hey. Yeah, it's good to have you here. Thanks. Good to see you again. You're a world traveler. For sure. I mean, we met, you know, back in San Francisco a few days ago. Few weeks ago, actually. Few weeks ago. And you know, how was your trip to Zul this time? Yeah. Um, it was great. It was um a long journey, but my second time here, so feels like I kind of know a little bit of what's happening more, not much. Um, and yeah, excited to be back and spending time with with you and with customers and with the team that we have here now. That's great. So maybe we want to open up this conversation uh by you know asking you know what's been exciting you lately in the world of creative personalization you know how has AI redefined what's possible and how is brace at the forefront of this shift well it's a very timely question right because obviously um last week we announced that obviously brise acquired offerfitit which is another AI company so in terms of what's exciting ing me personally um just bringing these two companies together and starting to see kind of how they're additive to each other and how that lets us do more creative things for our customers and with our customers um has me excited. Yeah, I definitely saw that in news. It's really interesting that you know there's a lot of AI transformations and innovations happening in space and it's really great to see that Brace is certainly actively investing into the field of AI. Yeah. Yeah. No, it's great. I think we've always valued innovation as a company. Um, you know, we've been obviously investing in AI for 10 plus years at this point. So, kind of to see this acquisition to see us be one of the first movers. Um, and kind of building a more holistic AI powered engagement solution, I think that is exciting for me. Truly, you know, talking about this investment, this actually leads me to my next question. I heard that brving out a specialized strategic consulting team implying an opportunity uh among brands today and I heard about the 427 innovation lab that you're heading up. So what's the inspiration behind like both initiatives? Yeah. So I'll tell you first let me tell you a little bit more about our strategic consulting team because it's actually three different teams. Um the first one is industry marketing right so braise as a company right now we're getting a little bit more towards verticalization and you know what a financial services company needs is so different than what a retail company needs. So, how do we make sure that obviously with all the features and capabilities that Braze has that we're highlighting the best solutions for our customers and understanding what pain points they have and help them uh succeed and get the most out of the technology. The second team that I would probably call the most in demand team at Brace is our business value team. So, you know, everyone is value selling these days. Value is a huge buzzword obviously in the tech space. Having a team that can actually know how a company makes money, know how braise adds value to that company, crank those numbers out is is really a high valuable is a valuable team both in the pre-sales process and after customers um get in with brace. So that's the second team that I have. And then the third one is the creative team which we call the 427 innovation lab. Um, this is really more about once our customers understand how to do the basic use cases with brace. So, if they're retail, there might be like seven to 10 core ones that they need to really become experts in. All right, what's that next level for them? And they that may not look the same for every single brand. And I think that's what the team does is tries to help, you know, see what use cases we have, what they're trying to do with their customers, and how do we maybe try to make something cool um out of that opportunity. That's great. And especially the last one that you talked about 427 innovation lab. Can you actually tell me more about the team? How many people are working under this initiative or some of the recent success cases that you have been building together with your customers? Yeah. Yeah. four I mean it's interesting 427 today it started as you know first it was two people three people now it's a four official people um but the thing is that it actually involves skill sets and people from outside of that core team um so it started as them being you know really just trying to bring um the right brain to some of the more leftrain thinkers right like I would say in tech they there's a lot of numbers the ability to quantify value but sometimes we lack a little bit of the inspiration uh l that really gets people to action to actually doing things moving from inaction to action so the creative team what I love about them is they they don't rationalize everything they're not looking for answers or why something should make sense they're really just about being a catalyst for new ideas creative ways of thinking um they a physical lab that sits in New York and they bring people in all the time. Like different people from solutions consulting, from data teams, from engineering teams will pop by. Anyone that just kind of has like a little bit of a creative itch and gets involved with them. So, it's been really fun to see how that team starts as people that just try to push you to think differently and it attracts all different types of people that want to think a little bit more creatively in their day-to-day regardless of the team that they physically sit within at Brace. Got it. Got it. It really almost sounds like the team is a startup, you know, within the bigger organization of Brace, just like a Fantastic 4, like a TF. Yeah, definitely. It's like it's our third year now. So, we've been through all like the pain points of bringing, you know, making change in an organization is a really hard thing um to do. And so, I think we've kind of got through the tough spots now and we're at this point where we're like in a groove and they're actually getting a lot of good success stories with customers. As you know, they're on a world tour trying to meet with more customers from different countries and different segments. Um so they are a startup but we are getting some early good signals and results and you know that's been really exciting to see. Well that's really exciting. Um so this actually makes me think or rethink about Braz's mission which is be absolutely engaging which is a ball promise. Uh Mirin could you share a campaign where your team transformed it into an absolutely engaging campaign. So what strategic guidance did your team provide that were pivotal in campaign success from the initial ide ideation to the final orchestration? Yeah. Yeah. There's a ton of I mean it's a great question. There's a lot of case studies. So we've seen some people do some really great stuff but starting you know speaking from experience I'll say that when we first came in as a team we were probably very like this idea and that like the more outrageous the better. And that could be really overwhelming to customers at times for customers that are used to thinking a little bit more rationally. You don't just kind of like flip a switch and then suddenly they're thinking creatively. So it's been a lot more of like a journey of creativity with our customers than sort of like a a transformation that happened maybe over one campaign. Today we're like having customers just do a little bit more with storytelling like here's how you crawl with creativity in some of your campaigns which they're receiving and my goal obviously is to do more and get more mature but if I'm being honest when I look at some of the most you know can winners engaging campaigns today like those are still coming from the big creative agencies and good ideas can come from anywhere don't get me wrong but I think even just you know knowing what a idea is and being able to, you know, have an idea that transforms a brand, emotionally connects, like that's not easy for just anybody to flip a switch and do. I mean, if they can, they'll be great. They'll do great in advertising if that's the case. Truly, I mean, it's really like a itself is already like a long it has a long history. the cans, you know, like speaking of can winners, what frameworks do you use to help ignite inspiration and inspire lasting creative habits among your co clients? Um, well, this is kind of the it's funny because I have this at the very we talked about this kind of at the very end, which is, you know, inspiration. I think bringing your outside world in is so important. Um, whenever, you know, we were talking earlier, like if I'm in another country, I make sure I go try to get a hike in and experience nature, experience something outside, just like tech and computers and screens. Um, when I'm here, I'm, you know, always try to see a museum, look at some art, watch a movie, like anything. any place where you think people are solving problems creatively. I think that's inspiration for a marketer because that you know you're ultimately yeah you're trying to solve brand problems with creative non-numerics um and inspiration for that can come from so many places makes sense and you actually just mentioned the GAN gen winners and do you still believe that you know maybe like a little bit those like datadriven marketers u watching uh some of these GANs uh I would say artworks and creatives do you think it it becomes really helpful to them. Yeah, I I hope so. Do data people get inspired by it, you mean or? Yeah. Yeah. I mean, can has the data lion, creative commerce, creative effectiveness? I think K has actually done a decent job of trying to bring in and highlight some of these skill sets or functions in a way that's connected to creativity. Um, and so for that, you know, I think they've done a nice job there. and hopefully people get inspired. Um I think the biggest mistake people make at CAN is they don't go see the actual work. What is actually winning? What you know that was always my favorite part was to see work from around the world like what won in India, what's winning in Korea. Like I kind of know and can find out in ade what's happening in the US but really seeing creative work from other markets um is is always inspirational to me. Totally makes sense. So, the 427 innovation lab addresses the tension between, you know, short-term sales and long-term brand building. How do you help brands find a sweet spot between these two campaign approaches? Yeah, it's I'm talking about this in my DMS presentation actually, which no, it's great because I have it I' I've had to sit here and sort of think about the answer um for a little bit of time, but I I think I've come to something which is, you know, the first thing I' I've noticed that it's more for creative agencies and brand marketers is that own channels are a direct line to creative effectiveness, right? So yes, I mean some we could do the TV campaign and we can do the out of home campaign and I don't think there's anything wrong with that. Um but own channels offer kind of measurable real time path to conversion which is something that creativity has struggled with in the past right how do you quantify its value and so I think when you can bring some of these bold big thinking ideas that we just talked about into that customer engagement space you can really drive both emotion and action and improve its value much quicker than if you're just doing you know TV you got to wait 12 to 16 months did it work how was the impact you know it's a little bit more complicated to calculate that um so for brand and creative agencies I think you know look at the own channels right there a lot of the winners from can over the last year have been around email or abandoned cart or push notification so I think there's a lot of inspiration that you can find um I think for CRM marketers the biggest thing I would highlight is that people are more than purchase history And a lot of times CRM marketers they they say you know I want to be customer centric and when you sit down with them and say all right what's the campaign tell me who the customers are. It's like the people that have purchased in the last you know two weeks or a month and and so how you know people are so much bigger. I think you got to treat people as more than the sum of their transactions. And I think the brands that resonate think a little bit bigger than that. They try to connect on a more emotional level which creates, you know, more connection, more loyalty, you know, hopefully just more long-term value for the brand. Makes sense. I mean, I I totally agree with you. I mean, because if you actually run this TVCF, for example, you need to prepare it for like three to six months. You need to get the approval. You need to go through a very tedious process of like very being meticulous on every copyright. But if you were leveraging owned media channels like CRM, like emails or push notifications, you can be as creative as possible. Uh if it's sitting beyond, you know, within the boundaries of your own brand guideline, you can be boldly creative. Absolutely. And you and you get a lot of if you have the right tools and the right tech, right, you can get that real time value and understand how your creative is actually impacting the bottom line. So that's part, you know, that's like my my cheat code for the creative agencies and brand marketers out there. And then, you know, CRM, I think it's the opposite problem, right? It's like get out of the left brain, open up the right brain a little bit more. For sure. I mean, at the beginning of this interview, you actually used this word outrageous and you were using this word bold, but I I believe it's not really easy for people to be bold, people to be, you know, outrageous. How do you facilitate change in mindset and practice amongst the brands that you work with to be more creative? To be more creative. Um well, it's a great question and it's another um topic that I'm covering in my DMS presentation which is actually my experience in you know trying to do this and facilitate it. So the you know the first thing I'll say is creativity it's so much more than our output. I've realized like it's actually a part of the way that we are are working and by bringing technical data and value together what I was able you know what we're able to do is eliminate the friction from these teams working together so leadership becomes really important in this right we eliminating the friction and the barriers that exist and allowing people to just collaborate without necessarily having expectations um I have some really rightrained people on my team and I have some really leftrained people on the team and they're doing some of the most interesting experiments that I don't think they could have been doing had they not had exposure to some of the other teams. Um, and you know, I'll give you example. One of somebody on my team like the smartest AI guy is like using data in really creative ways that he said he didn't expect. you know, one of my um really creative people is like quantifying value left and right for all the campaigns that they're doing. Um so it's been really fun to just see how it inspires people to try to get a little bit more motivated, a little bit more interesting in their work. Um but it doesn't happen overnight. It was definitely a long process and I do have to give my bosses credit for giving me the time and the space to let things kind of eb and flow and let the virtuous cycles take part. You know, it doesn't happen in year one. And I think when you and I met, I talked about this with you. Like the first year that we did this, we put a lot of effort into doing a a lot of work and it didn't give us the results that we wanted in year one. But in year two, they started to come. In year three, they started to come. Right? So, it it was something that we definitely had to nurture. And if I didn't have the freedom and the space to do that with my the higher powers that be at Breeze, I don't think that I would have been able to grow it. So, I really appreciated with that. Um, so I think number one, like internally with your folks like eliminate the friction, leadership becomes important with customers. What I think is so interesting is it eliminates their friction internally sometimes. So if you're the product team and you don't get along with the CRM team, but there's an idea that you all want to do, you start to see the teams kind of get over their own internal silos about ownership or you know who does what and they come to the table in service of like a great idea for the customer and for the brand. Um and then they're more thankful to us because they're like thanks for not just bringing a product but you're bringing like partnership to the table. Makes total sense. Yeah. So definitely one thing that you mentioned is the upstream support and upstream consensus. So the leadership team has to support this kind of creative environment and really help people have this creative mindset. And second you mentioned it's a crossf functional collaboration because a lot of people um might have their own ideas like a product team or like a merchandising team but if they don't speak up how would the CRM team know that they have such ideas so definitely both the upstream support and the cross functional collaborations are the important factors in I would say creative mindset cultivation. Yeah. [Music] So um we actually definitely want to go into like deeper you know topics and probably one of the interesting topics that we want to bring up today is misconceptions. What are the most persistent myth about customer engagement and CRM marketing that you've been you know keep um facing and had a privilege of dismantling. Yeah. I think the big one is probably what we just talked about like your CRM tool is more than just pipes for messages, right? And I think that, you know, you got to have that moment where you're like, "Oh my god, it's got so much potential." Kind of that aha moment that your tool, you know, could actually be the best way to quantify value. So I want, you know, I believe in the potential of the technology and I don't think people always see that. Yeah. And definitely you you just like brought up a very interesting aspect of a CRM tool which is a creative tool, a branding tool. Yeah, absolutely. I mean I think right all boats are going to R. We talked about this with AI like all boats are going to rise in a world where AI tells you the journey, the channel, the time, you know, the type of message. You don't have to spend as much time doing that as a marketer anymore. So you can actually now focus on this is why we say there's never been a better time to be a better marketer. It's you could focus back on what's great about marketing connection connection with people connection with customers like building great creative work. Um so I yeah I think that's the opportunity um that people need to see in the space um and get excited about 100%. So like some would say that CRM marketing is inherently limited by placements and text constraints. Could you tell me more on you know your proudest moment when you push the boundaries of what's create creatively possible with brace? Yeah. Yeah. I think this is it's really fun to see people have the aha moment around um brazed and creativity and that looks different for everyone but the number one way that I get there is I always say like show is greater than tell I could whenever somebody's explaining the way a function works or I'm like stop just show them an example just show them like what's happening so same thing when you talk about braise oh you can be creative tell me how I'll show Here's a bunch of case studies. Here's different things that people could do. Here's five campaigns BRIA didn't do but could do. And watching everyone experience that moment of going, "Oh, okay. I get it. I get what Braise does because you're showing me, not trying to explain it to me." Um, and so I think that's really a fun thing to see with people. Makes sense. So recently we've been seeing definitely a surge of these short forum videos and like GIFs in CRM. How do you think about you know how do you think these videos especially short form videos um can be or should be used in CRM marketing? Yeah. Why don't Right. It's always about the message, right? I think it's if you're writing a static text message, maybe a GIF helps it, you know, come alive in some way. I think if you're trying to tell a longer story, a a short GIF may not do it justice or it may just be a teaser to get you to watch something longer. So I think the one most important thing to know is that customers and people are just becoming more visual in general, right? Think of like the way that we storytell with emoji and drawing and like this. So being able to communicate visually is going to be is is has been really important and now you know with the rise of AI and assistance, right? Audio is becoming the other one that everyone's talking about with brands. So I'm kind of like you you know GIFs and some of that you should be thinking about that. already and next be thinking about what's the sonic what does your brand sound like and how does that start to how do you plan for that or start thinking about that as AI becomes a little bit more advanced makes sense yeah audio is definitely a very important component and uh it seems like the AI technologies is making much easier for us to you know just work with these audio uh definitely compared to the past it's much easier and more seamless yeah definitely thing about search is going to change so much like what does your brand sound like when you search it on a chat GPT? You know, what results come out? So, thinking about how that story is going to come together beyond just right where like it's kind of like that next evolution. Truly, [Music] I want to ask you another question. you know, for emerging companies without established branding strength and like those who are, you know, staring at the blank canvas, how does your team guide them toward creating absolutely engaging brand narratives? Yeah, I think, you know, the first thing kind of like I mentioned is the creative team has only existed for a couple years and so it's it has focused primarily on the US market and probably some of the larger customer segments. um this around the world tour that they're on right now, they've been in Dubai, they're in Singapore, they're coming here next week, um is really important to us to actually interact with customers across regions, across sizes. Um and just make sure that we can interact with customers. Obviously, like outside the US, we're a global company. We need to be doing that. Um, but obviously we do create a lot of self-s served creative assets for our teams and we do kind of a yearly release of ideas that dive into different features or functions for customers. Um, last year when we released some of our early AI features, we did a whole creative guide of like what's the crawlwalk run of using the AI features in more creative um, executions. For example, this year we're f we're releasing a whole book around loyalty and that's like the new hot thing that every brand is trying to do when think about what are some of the use cases or cool ways to think about loyalty. Um we have the braise inspiration guide that we're doing for industries which kind of gives again some of those basic use cases that you should be thinking about. So because the team has always been four people, everything we do has to be kind of high high leverage self-s serve for the org and that certainly exists for um customer resources. That thing the one thing I would suggest though if you are a small brand is just there's a couple books that maybe I would say could be fun wow to read. One is called Eating the Big Fish: How Challenger Brands Compete. And this is all about how if you're a smaller brand, how do you use being a smaller size, how do you use being the challenger to your advantage? And there's a bunch of I say look at creative work all the time, creative campaigns and ideas in there that kind of can inspire you maybe how you could tell your story um from a challenge or brand perspective. I would also say read things like future demand. It's a shorter version of a book that kind of talks about why you've got to harness, you know, how do you harness short-term search and paid social things that give you strong signals that people want to purchase, but why it's also important to think about future demand and why that should be sticky for you. Um, so I would suggest those two if you're starting out and looking for some just smart strategies on how to, you know, build your brand. This makes perfect sense. I mean, I I should definitely read those books actually myself. Oh, they're great ones. Yeah. And I need to hyperlink the books um on our script for sure. Please do. I don't get any referral fees, but you know, hopefully I should have set that up. That's great. Yeah. Maybe I just want to ask you maybe some of the fun questions about Brace it is. So, okay. So, what do you think um is the most underrated messaging channel of Brace that you want to actually highlight to the Korean audience? Oh, messaging channel? Well, I know we need cacao, so I won't say that yet. But I'll say this. I think audience sync is the most underrated, undervalued feature. um that's the one that connects your paid and owned channels and makes you know helps you re you know kind of ignore people that have already purchased or build lookalike audiences on social from people that have already purchased and I think there's creative opportunity there too but I haven't experimented with it definitely so using audience sync to maybe merge CRM and paid marketing into one bucket one piece yeah well I think there's great there's savings Obviously, there's so much media savings that you can get if you're not um targeting people. Think of all the times you've maybe seen an ad for something that you've already bought. Why is that happening, right? It's because they don't have their media tax stack linked with their marketing tech stack. And so, this just makes sure that that's happening. And I, you know, I think the savings for brands are pretty big. Not to just get into the dollars, but I do think it's it's a feature that I would have loved to have when I was in kind of that social media content world um because I think it makes a better experience for the user when you know the action the last action that they've actually taken. Got it. So definitely a lot of brands want to optimize their cost and what you just said is really interesting in a sense that you know you can dduplicate the audience if you use this feature and certainly it's going to help you focus on only those dormant users or those users that are not reachable through your own own media channels like SR. Exactly. And yeah, like being able to follow a journey, like if you're doing some upperfunnel targeting and then it drives to a conversion on your app and you don't have the tech that enables you to see that, right? It feels very it feels like a basic thing that um you know most people should activate or use in some way. Makes sense. So I want to ask you another fun question is about AB testing and multivariat testing or split testing. So when you were testing some of these creative ideas, for example, let's say you're launching a push campaign, how many variants do you believe you should be putting in or do you think by default you should be doing all these AV testings? Well, I I don't know is this a trick question because we're saying that now it's not about AV testing, it's about AI testing, right? Especially with Right. And that's part of what's great about some of that offer fit acquisition is it's not about creating things that you're t you know it's not this or that. It's kind of like for every person their own individualized personalized journey. Um so I think that is actually more where I see it going. But for for the creative ideas, we don't ab like media um test for we're not getting super involved in once it kind of goes live and the execution. We're doing more like help setting up the concepting for maybe making a really complicated canvas that did need to be manually made before for one of these campaigns. Um but then you know you leave it to the success teams the folks that are working a little bit more on the dayto-day um to do the execution. The year in review is the campaign that people do the most with our team and that doesn't need an AV test as it's much as much of it's just a summary of you know what they what story do you does the brand want to tell them about their consumption or their engagement or their purchase history. Got it. Got it. Maybe I want to ask you another fun question. What studies do you use the most to talk about the creativity? Oh, it's a good one. Um, the long and the short of it by Benet and Field. It's like a very famous advertising effectiveness study that tells marketers how to balance kind of the short-term tactics with the long-term ones and how do you find and strike the right balance and what historically delivers on value and what doesn't. That makes perfect sense. So sometimes like decision makers become impatient and do you think that marketers can really show them this and then they'll be convinced? Yeah, I think it just it's the science of advertising which is you know you can't just rely on short-term tactics to build your brand. Um and if and it you know there's a bunch of examples of companies that have tried to do so and having to work to get themselves out of that hole with brand advertising. So it just you know it re it confirms why obviously having more emotional and sometimes creative campaigns actually drive more value for a brand than just you know promotions and not you know things like that. As you just mentioned this long term I believe there's some like stacking or accumulating effect of the long-term branding strategy. Do you believe in it or have you seen some of these cases that consistent investment into branding and creatives eventually you know leading to the much greater results. Yeah. I mean I think there's a great book about this um how brands grow by Byron Sharp and he talks about investing in um you know things that are ownable for brands. So Mickey Mouse, you know, Disneyland has the Mickey Mouse head, Tiffany's has the color blue that they constantly reinforce. And so what are, you know, knowing what your visual, you know, traits are that you can invest in and build over time is super important. Um, I think we've seen it's in the Benet and Field study that the breast the best um brand campaigns are emotional ones. You see the results after three years, right? So it's about three years before you see some of the cumulative effects of having strong brand advertising. That makes sense. So if you are a CRM marketer using Brace Day, do you think that they should have their own branding guidance or maybe the branding guide book that the entire team has agre agreed upon for the consistent branding across multiple channels over time? Yes. But I think that talking about it like that, it it talks about the brand as only a visual identity where the brand is so much more, right? It's, you know, if you're Coca-Cola as a brand, it's all about happiness and optimism and stuff, right? It's not just about the red and the Coca-Cola, even though that's super important. All the campaigns, how do you bring happiness to your campaign? How do you bring it to your app? So I think step one is a branding team giving the CRM team visual guidelines and I think step two is then how do you actually start to bring the brand to life more tangibly for customers in those owned channels and that's like what that's what I think we're trying to do right I think that's the journey that they that teams need to go on. M I I really love you what you said like branding is not just about visuals because and you also talk talked about the happiness please like elaborate like how can we bring this happiness how can we bring the brand to life yeah I think your happiness right is happiness you get from drinking the product Coke isn't about happiness anymore that's back in the day but it's about you know I think back in the day when it was happiness it was about happiness Happiness when you drink the product, happiness with your friends and family, happiness, what happens in the world when there's more happiness around it. How is the world changing? Right? So really understanding the trickle up effect for your brand and how you flex that depending on whether it's a product message, a brand, you know, a community message, a brand message is really that's the art of being a marketer and I think part of the fun as well. Makes sense. So, you know, sometimes like I feel like because we're too much immersed in data, too much immersed in a campaign structure and event tonomy, which are are all important, sometimes we kind of miss out more important things, the connection, the feeling, the brand, the creativity, and definitely some of the thoughts that you have shared with us today really kind of sparse me a lot of ideas and made me use more of my right brain. So, you know, we talked about a lot of things, but before wrapping up, I just want you to maybe give, you know, maybe a small like advice on how can brands be inspired to do more with braids, like what's something you encourage our listeners to try immediately at work tomorrow? Yeah, I I talked a little bit about this about getting look anywhere that you see people using creativity to solve problems or solving problems in creative ways. Like understand what they're doing, you know, how that could be relevant to your brand. What how do you learn somebody else's inspiration and maybe bring it more into your own day-to-day? Like that is so important to me. The other thing I would say is I tend to think a lot of very left-brain people can have some hate on the like, oh, advertising's stupid or it's fluffy or it's this. I like just to let you know like it is there's studies and you know measurement frameworks and things from from 50 years ago that go back that advertising has a lot of institutional knowledge about how marketing works. There is a way that it works. Every brand thinks they have a very unique problem. Every brand has the same problem. Um, and so that's something that I think is really funny. You can see the patterns. You and I talked about pattern recognition. And I think that, you know, don't think that you're unique. Understand and look at all the inspiration and the books that I mentioned that came before you. There's so many great lessons in eating um eating the big fish in particular. I should read that. So, so look at them, right? And like I think that it gives you more appreciation for the discipline. And I think this is what we're trying to I'm trying to facilitate even at braise like how do I give creative people more respect for the discipline of value and quantifying it and how do I give you know data people and technical people the value of telling stories in more creative ways. So um that would just be my my last my closing thought. I think that's great. I mean thanks Miriam for sharing such a great insight today and I definitely believe that braise is where technology meets creativity and I've seen a lot of marketers utilizing brace to really achieve great success not just in terms of the gross metrics but also in terms of creativity and branding and I hope that you know through this session I hope that our audience in Korea especially the brave customers definitely I would encourage you to explore more of these creative options with Brace leveraging the cutting edge technology of Brace. So, thanks everyone for listening uh to this interview and hope you have a great day. Bye. Bye. Thank you. [Music]
